Release Plan
Product Name: Mafia
Team Name: Forum Mafia
User Stories
Sprint 1 - Create a live updating thread
(20) As a Game Mod, I want to be able to create games so that other people can play on the forums; //create threads (Priority 1)
(5) As a Forum User, I want to be able to create an account and username so that I can access the forum. (Priority 1)
(5) As a User, I need to be able to navigate into specific forum categories so that I can get to the games or threads I want to view. (Priority 1)
(3) As a Player, I want to be able to sign up for games so that I can play games (Priority 1); //system updates text inside existing threads (via button?)
(8) As a Forum User, I need to be able to make posts inside threads so that I can talk to other players and users. (Priority 1)
(1) As a Forum User, I want to be able to view created games and threads so that I can participate in information exchange and browse the games that I may or may not want to spectate or play (Priority 1)

Sprint 2 - Implementing Mafia
(13) As a Player, I need to be able to vote for another player, so that we can eliminate a player and the game can progress. (Priority 1)
(2) As Mafia, I want my nighttime activities to be inaccessible and hidden from the town so that I can not get caught instantly. (Priority 2)
(15) As Mafia, I need to be able to communicate privately with other Mafia-affiliated players so that I can discuss game plan and strategy without the knowledge of the Townies (Priority 2)
(Priority 3) As a Player/Game Mod, I want to be able to see a tallied vote count so that I don’t have to filter through over a thousand posts to do it myself manually.(Priority 2)

Sprint 3 - Finish game and/or formatting the site to look better
(14) As a Game Mod, I want to be able to set the game rules so that people can play different variations of mafia. (Priority 3)
(8) As a Game mod, I would like to have a system generated activity prompt so that I don’t have to manually check a player’s activity and then manually prompt them (Priority 3)
(3) As a Player, I want to be able to see which players are being voted for by who so that I can understand where players at in terms of being lynched. (Priority 3)
(10) As a Player, I want to be able to see my statistics so that I can see how well I have been playing. (Priority 3)
(4) As a Living Player, I want Dead and non-participating Players to be unable to make posts in the game so that they don’t interfere where they shouldn’t. (Priority 3)
(4) As a Dead Player, I want to be able to chat with only other dead players after I have been eliminated from the game so that I can talk about the game. (Priority 3)
(20) As a Mod, I would like the system to balance my games so that the game isn’t unfair and I don’t have to do the balancing myself. (Priority 3)
(4) As a user, I want to see when posts are made (timestamp) so that I know when things have happened. (Priority 3)

