As a Game Mod, I want to be able to create games so that other people can play on the forums; //create threads (1) 
As a Game Mod, I want to be able to set the game rules so that people can play different variations of mafia. (3)
As a Player/Game Mod, I want to be able to see a tallied vote count so that I don’t have to filter through over a thousand posts to do it myself manually.(2)
As a User, I need to be able to navigate into specific forum categories so that I can get to the games or threads I want to view. (1)
As a Player, I want to be able to sign up for games so that I can play games (1)
As a Forum User, I need to be able to make posts inside threads so that I can talk to other players and users. (1)
As Mafia, I need to be able to communicate privately with other Mafia-affiliated players so that I can discuss game plan and strategy without the knowledge of the Townies (2)
As Mafia, I need to be able to decide who to kill during the night so that I can further my win condition and get rid of town. (1)
As Mafia, I want my nighttime activities to be inaccessible and hidden from the town so that I can not get caught instantly. (2)
As a Forum User, I want to be able to view created games and threads so that I can participate in information exchange and browse the games that I may or may not want to spectate or play (1)
As a Forum User, I want to be able to create an account and username so that I can access the forum. (1)
As a Player, I need to be able to vote for another player, so that we can eliminate a player and the game can progress. (1)
As a Game mod, I would like to have a system generated activity prompt so that I don’t have to manually check a player’s activity and then manually prompt them (3)
As a Player, I want to be able to see which players are being voted for by who so that I can understand where players at in terms of being lynched. (3)
As a Player, I want to be able to see my statistics so that I can see how well I have been playing. (3)
As a Living Player, I want Dead Players to be unable to make posts in the game so that they don’t interfere where they shouldn’t. (3)
As a Dead Player, I want to be able to chat with only other dead players after I have been eliminated from the game so that I can talk about the game. (3)
As a Mod, I would like the system to balance my games so that the game isn’t unfair and I don’t have to do the balancing myself. (3)
As a user, I want to see when posts are made (timestamp) so that I know when things have happened. (3)